doc(release): Release notes for OSS 24.04 (#3447)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 24.04.5

Release date: `July 18, 2024`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

> - [API] Fixed access control for hosts configuration endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API] Fixed access control for host configuration endpoints.
```

> - [centreon-web] Fixed selinux dependencies for centreon-common-selinux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [centreon-web] Fixed SELinux dependencies for centreon-common-selinux.
```

> - [Dashboard] Empty legend in Metrics Graph widget when user locale is different from en_US

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dashboard] Fixed an issue where the legend of the Metrics Graph widget was empty when the user locale was different from en_US.
```

> - [Dashboards] Displayed statuses of parent hosts when only services are selected in status chart and status grid widgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
status charts and the status grid widget now display the status of a service's parent host when only services are selected instead of a "no host found" error.
```

> - [Dashboards] Fixed error when renaming a dashboard that has an empty description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dashboards] Fixed an error that occurred when renaming a dashboard that had an empty description.
```

> - [Dashboards] Fixed inconsistent values between top counter and status widgets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dashboards] Fixed inconsistent values between top counter and status widgets.
```

> - [Dashboards] Fixed service search that was limited to 30 items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dashboards] Search results for services are no longer limited to 30 items.
```

> - [Menu] Updated url of helper button in web interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Menu] Updated the URL of help buttons in the web interface.
```

> - Fixed endpoints that list Dashboard contacts to correctly compute Admin rights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed incorrect user rights computations for Dashboard admins.
```

> - [Menu] Updated the URL of help buttons in the web interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Menu] Updated the URLs of help buttons in the web interface.
```

## Centreon Gorgone

### 24.04.2

Release date: `July 18, 2024`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [Gorgone] Fixed an issue where a host category was not present in MBI if it was applied on a host template instead of directly on the host.

> - [Gorgone] fixed gorgone api configuration erased on rpm upgrades

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gorgone] Fixed an issue with the Gorgone API at upgrade, that caused the Autodiscovery feature to not work.
```
